The World of the White and Green
I would like to tell you a funny story.
The world is called the world of the white and green.
There are many enemies of the enemy in the world,
such as the Japanese and the Japanese.
The world is called the world of the white and green.
If the world is decided,
the woman should protect the enemy.
If the woman goes there, the man is a man.
The man is a man.
The woman is a man.
The woman is a woman.
But when the man is satisfied,
the woman gets a lot of money.
The man is a man.
The woman is a woman.
You're going too hard on our business.
You shouldn't have wasted your time over this.
There are nothing on thecards I told you before,
but there is nothing left to talk about.
I'm always going against the idea of being good friends.
If you meet up with the cops when I'm not at home,
if you say something unhealthy, it will spoil the business.
So, who is it?
I'm listening.
Oh, I'm sorry.
Please wait a moment.
I'm going there.
I'll tell you what to do.
No matter how many times it rains,
my husband will be free.
I can't say hello to you
and say good night.
I'm sorry.
Oh, thank you very much.
You're alone?
Yes.
My husband will stay at the hotel tonight.
I see.
You'll stay there tonight and stay there tonight.
I thought you were going to stay there.
It's late and I'm hungry.
I'll eat this and go to bed.
I'm hungry.
I was told many times.
I'm going to go out again.
I'll eat sushi, eel, and udon.
I'll eat well.
I see.
I'm hungry.
I don't know.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry to hear that.
I'm hungry.
I'm sorry.